c:\users\valeriykrashenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\bin\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web.dll.config
c:\users\valeriykrashenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\bin\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web.dll
c:\users\valeriykrashenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\bin\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web.pdb
c:\users\valeriykrashenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\valeriykrashenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\users\valeriykrashenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\valeriykrashenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
c:\users\valeriykrashenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\valeriykrashenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\valeriykrashenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\valeriykrashenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\bin\VirtoCommerce.Platform.Core.dll
c:\users\valeriykrashenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\valeriykrashenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\valeriykrashenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\users\valeriykrashenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
c:\users\valeriykrashenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
c:\users\valeriykrashenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\valeriykrashenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\valeriykrashenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\valeriykrashenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\bin\VirtoCommerce.Platform.Core.xml
c:\users\valeriykrashenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\obj\Debug\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web.dll
c:\users\valeriykrashenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\obj\Debug\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web.pdb
C:\Users\ValeriyKrashenko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\bin\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Data.dll
C:\Users\ValeriyKrashenko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\bin\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Data.pdb
C:\Users\ValeriyKrashenko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web\obj\Debug\VirtoCommerce.ManagedModule.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
